Privacy Policy

Your Privacy Rights

Effective Date: October 1st, 2019

Your privacy is important. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we gather. Please also refer to our Terms of Service, which are incorporated as if fully recited herein. If our information retention or usage practices change, we will let you know by posting the Privacy Policy changes on the Services. Please refer to the “Effective Date” above to see when this Policy was last updated.

Territoriality

Regardless of where you are located, we do not collect your data

Information Collected

- Personal Information

Personal Information is collected on our Services when you provide it through use of or participation in the Services. Information collected may include:

None - We collect no information on users.


- User Content

We collect no data about the content captured.


- User Data

Use of Information

We collect no information so it can not be used in any way. 


Use and Control by Users

The Services may allow users to share certain information with certain limited number of individuals or with the public at large, such as through social media postings initiated by you through the Services.

You may also be able to edit certain information we collect about you through your account login and settings.


Links

Our Services may contain links to other websites or may otherwise navigate you outside our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, apps or other locations. When you leave our Services, please read the privacy statements of your destination. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Services.


Do Not Track

At present, our Services to not specifically respond to automated browser do-not-track signals.


Security

Protecting your information is a priority for us, and therefore we employ procedural and technical safeguards to secure your personal information against loss, theft, alteration, and unauthorized access, use and disclosure. We also employ security procedures to protect your information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.

Regardless of the precautions taken by us we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk.

No transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

Children and Privacy

We do not collect information on any user.

California Privacy Rights

California law allows California residents to request information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of their personally identifiable information to third parties. 

Contact Information

If you have any questions, comments, requests or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at FaceoffAcademyInfo@gmail.com.
